# Python Scripting 101: PyBank & PyPoll Analyses
This project is a part of the Module 3 challenge for the Vanderbilt University Data Analytics BootCamp and is written entirely by the author of this repository. This README template is from the [Data Science Working Group](https://github.com/sfbrigade/data-science-wg/blob/f1625aba8ac51ad90ec008f8ebc5ca1c42b304d7/dswg_project_resources/Project-README-template.md).

#### -- Project Status: [Completed]

## Project Intro/Objective
The purpose of this project is to conduct separate analyses on the given datasets in order to create graphics compiling the summary statistics of the datasets. In one instance, we are conducting a Financial Analysis for PyBank on yearly profit vs losses data. In the other instance, we are summing election results for a mock election dataset and outputting the winner by what margins. 

### Methods Used
* Summary Statistics
* Programming Logic (for loops, conditionals)

### Technologies
* Python

## Project Description
The data sources are mock data generated by edX boot camps for educational purposes only. The analyses are entirely hypothetical intended for the purposes of demonstrating proficienies in basic programming logic. 

## Getting Started

1. Clone this repo (for help see this [tutorial](https://help.github.com/articles/cloning-a-repository/)).
2. Raw Data is being kept within the Resources file in the respective PyBank and PyPoll folder within this repo.
3. Data processing scripts are being kept in the respective PyBank and PyPoll folder within this repoRepo folder.
